Add production robots.txt to stop indexing v2 pages (#1637)
ocaml/v2.ocaml.org: data/tutorials/getting-started/1_02_troubleshooting.md

---
id: troubleshoot
title: Installation Troubleshooting
description: |

>   This page contains instruction to troubleshoot common problems you might stumble accross while installing OCaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This page contains instructions to troubleshoot common problems you might stumble across while installing OCaml.
```

category: "Setup"
---

# Installation Troubleshooting

> This page contains instruction to troubleshoot common problems you might stumble accross while installing OCaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains instructions to troubleshoot common problems you might stumble across while installing OCaml.
```
